Video translated by Team (www.gogoanime21.eu.org).
official website, (www.gogoanime21.eu.org)
Why
It is said that
Master Ou had an affair with the master of Yangyan Sect.
Potian Sect takes in Master Ou
It is equivalent to declaring war with Yangyanmen
so
Sect Master Lao Rang and Master
It's not good to take care of the trouble for us either.
us
Better proceed with caution
Forest
Look over there
ah
That bad woman is here too
They also have an invitation order
Not surprisingly
Since she can give three yuan
There must be some left in hand
otherwise
It’s not easy to explain to your superiors
Don't make trouble here
We will enter the secret realm later
Want to kill or cut into pieces
It's not you who has the final say
Weapon Refining Conference
Divided into two stages
Champions not only have generous rewards
can still be
Honorary elder of Yangyanmen
Unexpectedly, Master Wu was the host
The reason why Yang Yanmen’s weapon refining skills are so powerful
It's because of him
Who is stronger and who is weaker with Master Ou?
Of course my master is the most powerful
Such a big Yangyanmen
We can’t even afford the materials for refining weapons.
If you don’t have the ability to find materials,
Why participate in the competition?
After the secret realm opens the shoulders
You have one day
to find suitable refining materials
When in danger, crush the invitation
send out
this also means
disqualified
Ada
Also a weapon refiner
It should be the same as Xiaopang
Just accompanying
boss
Where am I fat?
Deserve it
Who told you to pretend to be a fat man who is just a millionaire all day long?
boss
he bullies me
Come in quickly
where are they
I'm just afraid you'll get lost
Others should have been transported to other places.
Let's go ahead and take a look
Come all the way
I haven't seen any ore yet.
Encyclopedia has answers for you
Iron smoky quartz
Low-level refining materials
It's smoky quartz
Encyclopedia has answers for you
rock beast
A kind of monster
Can survive in extremely difficult environments
Very high defense
Mature rock beast
Can reach the strength of a human spiritual master
Find a place to hide
Get out of the way
Video translated by Team (www.gogoanime21.eu.org).
official website, (www.gogoanime21.eu.org)
Cultivation has increased a lot
nonsense
You're not the only one who wants to become stronger
I can't be dumped by you, right?
What
I said
Find more rock beasts to fight.
Hello
you two
Those who know the truth will hand over the iron smoke crystal.
Just two trash,
What's there to be afraid of?
Grab it for me quickly
Who are you calling trash?
Yo
Not happy anymore
So much nonsense
Hello
I don't think you and he are the same person.
Since the ideas are inconsistent
Why do we still need to go together?
Because he is more important than us
We brother and sister
Opened a small business nearby
But business is too bad
Just exchange all your savings for three invitations.
Invite masters to participate
It doesn’t matter whether you get the ranking or not.
Mainly because I want to promote the company
Bring business
fine
I'm also a refiner
I can play for you
Don't look at her like this
how am i
cough
I said you are cute
actually
She is the most powerful weapon refiner in Qiu Shui Xing
Qiu Shui Xing
That big trading house in Qiushui City
Encyclopedia has answers for you
Demon Rock Beast
Advanced version of Rock Beast
Strong attack power
Mature magic rock beast
Comparable to a second-level spiritual master
Get out of the way
my hammer
let me go
I want to dig out its ore
The material for my new hammer
Ben Lei Sword
Thunder and darkness
Dropped a high-level ore
Take it to make a hammer
It's too dangerous here
You guys go out first
I keep my word
Will represent your firm in the war
Lin Yi
Come again
It's the sky
Lin Yi
Go and save Zhou Buzheng
Zhou Zhen
Stop holding on
You need to leave the secret realm now
Can still save a little life
That needs you too
Can break through my defenses
Her defensive shield is entirely supported by spiritual power
Once an attack is launched
It will speed up the consumption of spiritual energy.
Let's attack together
She'll soon be overwhelmed
Everyone, try to save your energy as much as possible
Wait until we enter the mine
Don’t know what to expect yet
Damn thing
Who is doing bad things to my uncle?
boss
Why did you come?
So many people besieging one person
It took so long
Should I praise her for being so strong?
Or are you too weak?
Video translated by Team (www.gogoanime21.eu.org).
official website, (www.gogoanime21.eu.org)